David C. Brown Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
David C. Brown has served as Chief Executive Officer of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (Victory) since August 2013 and Chairman of the board of directors since April 2014. Mr. Brown also serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Victory Capital Management Inc. (VCM), Victory’s wholly owned registered investment adviser, responsible for the development, execution and oversight of firm strategy. He is also Chairman of the VCM investment committee and a member of the Boards of Trustees for the Victory Funds and the USAA® Mutual Funds. Mr. Brown also serves as a member of the Board of Alderwood Partners LLP.
Mr. Brown joined VCM in 2004 and has held multiple senior level positions including President and Chief Operating Officer prior to his current role. Before joining Victory, Mr. Brown spent five years at Gartmore Global Investments, Inc. in a number of senior management positions including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Gartmore Emerging Managers, LLC. Prior to joining Gartmore, he worked for Ernst & Young LLP as a Manager in the Assurance & Advisory Business Services unit focusing on investment management businesses. Mr. Brown has previously served on the boards of directors for Cerebellum Capital, the Summa Health Systems of Ohio Investment Committee, JumpStart of Ohio, and was previously a member of the Bluecoats, Inc. of Cuyahoga County, OH. Mr. Brown holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science with an emphasis on accounting from Ursinus College and a Master of Business Administration from Case Western Reserve University. He is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).
Mr. Brown's extensive business, finance and leadership skills gained and developed through years of experience in the financial services industry, including tenure overseeing our strategic direction as Chief Executive Officer, bring valuable industry-specific knowledge and insights to our board of directors. Mr. Brown has also overseen several transactions in the asset management sector during his tenure with us. He has significant expertise in identifying, structuring and executing strategic acquisitions, as well as in managing boutique firms post-acquisition. These skills, combined with Mr. Brown's extensive knowledge of our business and our industry, enable him to provide valuable insights to our board of directors on our strategic direction.

Milton R. Berlinski Director
Milton R. Berlinski joined our board of directors at the time of our acquisition from KeyCorp in August 2013. Mr. Berlinski co-founded Reverence Capital Partners, or Reverence Capital, in June 2013 after concluding a 26-year career at Goldman, Sachs & Co., or Goldman Sachs, as a Partner and Managing Director. He joined Goldman Sachs in 1986 as Vice President of the investment banking division and as one of the founders of Goldman Sachs' Financial Institutions business. He became a Partner and Managing Director in 1996, responsible for Advisory, Principal Investing and Merchant Banking for financial institutions. In 1999, he was named head of the firm's Strategy and Corporate Development Group, and in 2001 he assumed additional responsibility as head of Firm Wide Strategy. Mr. Berlinski also served as a member of the Operating Committee and Compensation Committee. Mr. Berlinski also served as Global Head of the Financial Sponsors Group from 2005 until 2012 and was a founding member of the Financial Institutions Group. Mr. Berlinski is a founding partner of the Aruba Growth Fund, a private equity fund funded by and invested in local companies and institutions in Aruba.
Mr. Berlinski received a Master of Business Administration in finance from The Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Arts in engineering from California State University. Mr. Berlinski's qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his extensive background in the investment management industry, business development, corporate strategy and international finance, as well as his substantial board experience (both public and private). In addition, he brings experience relating to operations and compensation matters having served as a member of Goldman Sachs Operating and Compensation Committees for several years. In addition, Mr. Berlinski serves on the board of directors of Kabbage Inc., Russell Investments Ltd., Diamond Resorts International Inc., and Venerable Holdings, Inc.
Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee
Member of the Compensation Committee

Lawrence Davanzo Director
Lawrence Davanzo joined our board of directors in October 2014. Mr. Davanzo most recently served as President of Wilshire Associates Incorporated, overseeing the asset management areas of the firm, and as Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Wilshire and on its executive committee until his retirement in 2012. He first joined Wilshire in 1978 and rejoined in October 2004. During his tenure at Wilshire, he founded Wilshire's Pension Consulting business and built the firm's Funds Management Group. With over $70 billion in assets under management, or AUM, for financial intermediaries, Funds Management became the firm's primary source of revenue growth. He also served as President of the firm's mutual fund complexes. During Mr. Davanzo's career, he also founded Asset Strategy Consulting and served as its managing director from February 1991 to February 2000.
Mr. Davanzo earned a Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) and a Masters of Science degree in Finance (M.S.). at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Mr. Davanzo's qualifications to serve on our board of directors include the knowledge and experience gained in the combination of more than 40 years of asset management experience through his extensive career at Wilshire Associates and also managing and running his own investment consulting firm. This allows him to bring to the board of directors a deep understanding of issues associated with operating a business and the importance of client service and customer satisfaction unique to the asset management business.
Member of the Audit Committee

Robert V. Delaney Jr. Director
Mr. Delaney joined our Board in 2022. He joined Crestview as a partner and managing director in 2007 and is an officer of the company. Mr. Delaney is also a member of Crestview’s investment committee and manages its legacy energy portfolio. Prior to joining Crestview, Mr. Delaney was a partner at Goldman Sachs where he served in a variety of leadership positions, including head of the private equity business in Asia and head of the global leveraged finance group. Mr. Delaney helped expand Goldman’s private equity business in Asia by establishing the private equity business in Japan and then leading the private equity business for all of Asia. During Mr. Delaney’s leadership of the leveraged finance group, Goldman Sachs became one of the market leaders in high yield debt and leveraged loans. During this time, Mr. Delaney also led the firm’s workout advisory and restructuring business.
Mr. Delaney began his career as a CPA at Arthur Anderson. He received an M.B.A. with high distinction from Harvard Business School where he was a Baker Scholar. He received an M.S. in Accounting with distinction from NYU Stern School of Business. He received a B.A., summa cum laude, in Economics from Hamilton College where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Mr. Delaney serves on the boards of Select Energy Services, Inc. (where he is the lead director and also serves as the chairman of the compensation committee), Silver Creek Oil & Gas, LLC, Silver Creek Permian, LLC, Endurance Lift Holdings, LLC, CP Energy Holdings, LLC, W Energy Partners II LLC and W Energy Partners LLC. He is a vice chairman and trustee of Hamilton College where he also is chair of the investment committee which manages the college’s endowment.
Mr. Delaney’s qualification to serve on the company’s board of directors includes his extensive transactional, investment banking and private equity experience, having held senior executive positions at major institutions. With his financial background, he will add to the existing collective knowledge and experience of the board of directors. Mr. Delaney has a broad experience in analyzing and monitoring companies, including board experience through various public and private directorships he has held and currently holds.

Richard M. DeMartini Director
Richard M. DeMartini joined our board of directors at the time of our acquisition from KeyCorp in August 2013. Mr. DeMartini joined Crestview as a partner in 2005 and became a vice chairman in 2021. Prior to Crestview, Mr. DeMartini served as president of the Bank of America Wealth and Asset Management Group from March 2001 until December 2004. At Bank of America, Mr. DeMartini was responsible for all wealth and asset management activities and oversaw approximately $400 billion in assets under management. He was also a member of Bank of America’s operating committee. Prior to Bank of America, Mr. DeMartini retired from Morgan Stanley where he served as chairman and CEO of the international private client group. His 26-year career at Morgan Stanley included roles as president of individual asset management and co-president of Dean Witter & Company, Inc. and chairman of Discover Card. He was also a member of the Morgan Stanley management committee. Mr. DeMartini is currently a director of Fidelis Insurance Holdings and Protect My Car. He is co-chair of DHB, a public SPAC. He also currently serves as a director of Partners Capital and is a trustee and chairman of the Whitney Museum of American Art. Mr. DeMartini has served as chairman of the board of the NASDAQ Stock Market and vice chairman of the board of directors of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
Mr. DeMartini received a Bachelor of Arts from San Diego State University. Mr. DeMartini's qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his in-depth knowledge and operating experience in financial services, particularly in the asset and wealth management sectors, having held senior executive positions at major institutions. In addition, Mr. DeMartini has significant experience as a director on the boards of public and private companies. He provides the board of directors with a valuable perspective on global investment management and capital markets and has extensive experience in assessing value, strategy and risks related to potential acquisitions.
Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee
Member of the Compensation Committee

James B. Hawkes Director
James B. Hawkes joined our board of directors at the time of our acquisition from KeyCorp in August 2013. Mr. Hawkes also serves as Chairman Emeritus of Eaton Vance. In his 37-year career at Eaton Vance, Mr. Hawkes served in numerous senior executive roles, including Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Director of Investment Research. Mr. Hawkes also serves on the board of managers of Central Park Group, an alternative investment advisory firm, and on other private company boards. He is a trustee of the Peabody Essex Museum and Winterthur Museum and as a Life Trustee of the USS Constitution Museum.
Mr. Hawkes earned a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Science in aerospace engineering from the University of Oklahoma. After graduation from the University of Oklahoma Mr. Hawkes served in the U.S. Navy aboard submarines as a nuclear-trained officer. He also earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Mr. Hawkes' qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his extensive business, finance, investment and leadership skills gained and developed through years of experience in the numerous senior executive roles held during his 37-year career at Eaton Vance. In particular, as former Chief Executive Officer of Eaton Vance, Mr. Hawkes has substantial experience managing and leading a firm in the financial services industry. These skills, combined with Mr. Hawkes' extensive knowledge of our business and our industry, enable him to provide valuable insights to our board of directors on our strategic direction.
Member of the Compensation Committee
Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee

Karin Hirtler-Garvey Director
Karin Hirtler-Garvey joined our board of directors in October 2014. Ms. Hirtler-Garvey has over nine years of experience as a board director in diversified industries and over 25 years of leadership experience in the financial services industry, preceded by eight years in public accounting as a CPA licensed in New Jersey. Ms. Hirtler-Garvey is currently a director at Medley Capital Corporation, where she serves as the Compensation Committee Chair and a member of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, and USAA Federal Savings Bank, where she serves as the Compensation Committee Chair and a member of the Audit Committee, Risk Committee and Member & Technology Committee. Ms. Hirtler-Garvey also serves on a private company board. Previously, Ms. Hirtler-Garvey served as a director and Audit Committee Chair at Residential Capital LLC, a director and a member of the Audit Committee and Risk Committee for Validus Holdings, Ltd and a director at Aeropostale, Inc., where during her tenure she served in various roles including as Chairman of the board of directors, the Lead Independent Director, Audit Committee Chair and a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Ms. Hirtler-Garvey was previously Chief Risk Officer at Ally Financial (formerly GMAC) and held a broad range of leadership positions at Bank of America and its predecessor NationsBank and a broad range of mid-level assignments at J.P. Morgan in both the finance and risk groups. Prior to this, she worked for eight years at Ernst & Young LLP with a focus on banking, insurance, garment industry and technology clients.
Ms. Hirtler-Garvey earned a Bachelor of Science from Fairleigh Dickinson University and is a Certified Public Accountant. Ms. Hirtler-Garvey brings executive experience from large national and international, diversified financial services companies providing traditional banking, real estate, insurance and asset management services and through her service on other public company boards. Ms. Hirtler-Garvey provides our board of directors with unique insight and perspective to its oversight of our global operations, corporate governance and risk management. She qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Chair of the Audit Committee

Robert J. Hurst Director
Robert J. Hurst joined our board of directors in October 2016. Mr. Hurst joined Crestview as a partner in 2005 and became a vice chairman in 2017. Mr. Hurst retired as vice chairman of Goldman Sachs in June 2004. At Goldman Sachs, Mr. Hurst spent 30 years in a variety of leadership positions, including head of the investment banking division from 1990 to 1999. Following Goldman Sachs’ IPO, Mr. Hurst became vice chairman and a member of the board of directors and focused on firm-wide matters in addition to client responsibilities.
Mr. Hurst is currently a director of Oxbow Carbon and is co-chair of DHB, a public SPAC. Mr. Hurst is a senior director of Goldman Sachs and has served on the board of directors of over a dozen public and private companies. He has been active in the nonprofit sector, formerly serving as chairman of the board of directors of the National Cybersecurity Center and the Aspen Music Festival and School. He was also the former chairman and president of the board and the current chairman of the executive committee of the Whitney Museum of American Art, a trustee and member of the executive committee of The Aspen Institute, chairman emeritus of the Jewish Museum and a former member of the board of overseers of The Wharton School.
Mr. Hurst was appointed by Governor John Hickenlooper to the Colorado Economic Development Commission (now retired) and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Mr. Hurst was also founding CEO of the 9/11 United Services Group, the coordinating arm for 13 social service agencies involved in the relief activities, including the Red Cross.
Mr. Hurst received an M.B.A. from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an A.B. from Clark University. He did additional graduate work as a Public Finance Fellow at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Hurst's qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his 30 years of operating and leadership experience at Goldman Sachs and as a partner in a private equity firm. Through his involvement with Crestview, he has provided leadership to both public and private companies. Mr. Hurst brings to our board of directors extensive experience in the financial services industry, finance and business development.

Mary Jackson Director
Vice Admiral Mary Jackson joined the Victory Capital board of directors in January 2023. Retired in July 2020, Vice Admiral Jackson began her career as a Surface Warfare Officer serving on and off Navy warships. During her more than three decades in the United States Navy, Vice Admiral Jackson achieved command of the USS McFAUL (DDG 74), an Arleigh Burke class destroyer. She subsequently commanded the Navy’s largest Navy base, Naval Station Norfolk, where she oversaw operational and service industries and managed the Navy’s relationship with local agencies, surrounding communities, and national media. Upon selection as a Flag Officer, Vice Admiral Jackson served as Commander, Navy Region Southeast and as Commander, Navy Installations Command, where she was accountable for all Navy installations worldwide.

Her skills leading operations on a global scale bring significant value to the Victory Capital board. Her experience includes the development of strategic plans, policymaking, resourcing, and oversight and compliance. Vice Admiral Jackson’s qualifications include a focus on business continuity, integration and sustainability of environmental, social, and governance assurance metrics, digital transformation and compliance through data-driven audit analytics, and innovation and risk-based assessment. She brings extensive experience cultivating key partnerships and collaborating across the Congress and the Department of Defense, federal and local government agencies, industry and host nations, FEMA, the EPA, and law enforcement and local communities.

Her executive experience includes leading diverse, inclusive teams to consistently drive results, implement change, and exceed organizational goals and objectives. Vice Admiral Jackson brings dynamic leadership discipline and experience overseeing large-scale operations, contingency planning, risk mitigation, and strategic transformation. In her role as an executive-level advisor, she has provided consulting services to facilitate boardroom diversity, governance, and oversight.

Vice Admiral Jackson holds a bachelor’s degree in Physics with an emphasis in Oceanography from the United States Naval Academy and a Master of Engineering Management degree from George Washington University.

Alan H. Rappaport Director
Alan H. Rappaport joined our board of directors at the time of our acquisition from KeyCorp in August 2013. Mr. Rappaport was formerly the Chairman and President of Bank of America's Private Bank as well as managing director of Chase Investment Advisors and a member of the management committee of Chase Global Private Bank. Prior to Bank of America, Mr. Rappaport served as a Managing Director of the Chase Global Private Bank and a Partner of the Beacon Group. Mr. Rappaport also spent 17 years with CIBC Oppenheimer, where he was the senior executive responsible for the Asset Management Division. Mr. Rappaport serves as an adjunct professor of finance at New York University's Stern School of Business and a lecturer at Stanford University's Graduate School of Business. Previously, Mr. Rappaport had served as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of GuideStar, trustee of NYU Langone Medical Center, trustee of the American Museum of Natural History and national co-chair of the Duke University Parents Committee. He is currently a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, an advisory director of Roundtable Investment Partners, and serves on the boards of directors of PIMCO multifund complex and Allianz multifund complex.
Mr. Rappaport earned a Master of Business Administration from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Arts from Harvard University. Mr. Rappaport's qualifications to serve on our board of directors include the knowledge, leadership and experience gained in over 40 years of working in the investment management business of a large global, complex asset management organization, including serving as Chairman and President of Bank of America's Private Bank. Mr. Rappaport's leadership and experience in academia provide our board of directors with a unique perspective and in-depth understanding of issues concerning international finance, economics and public policy.
Chair of the Compensation Committee
Member of the Audit Committee
