Competitive Strengths
We believe we have significant competitive strengths that position us for sustained growth and shareholder value creation over the long term.

We will seek to continue to augment our differentiated investment management platform by focusing on acquisition candidates that can make our investment platform better, that expand our distribution or investment capabilities, that optimize our operating platform and/or achieve our integration and synergy expectations.

Portfolio of Investment Strategies with Potential for Outperformance – In assembling our portfolio of Franchises, we have selected investment managers offering strategies in asset classes where active managers have shown an established track record of outperformance relative to benchmarks through security and sector selection, and portfolio construction. We continue to build our platform to address the needs of clients who would like exposure to asset classes that have potential for alpha generation. We find that macro industry trends of asset flows moving from actively managed strategies to passive ones are less pronounced in certain of our asset classes.
Diversified Platform Across Investment Strategies, Franchises and Client Type – We have strategically built an investment platform that is diversified by investment strategy, Franchise, and client type. Within each asset class, Franchises with overlapping investment mandates still contribute to our diversification by pursuing different investment philosophies and/or processes. For example, U.S. mid cap equities, which accounted for approximately 18% of total AUM as of December 31, 2022, consists of five Franchises, each following a different investment strategy. We believe the diversity in investment styles reduces the correlation between the return profiles of strategies within the same asset class, and consequently provides an additional layer of diversification of AUM and revenue stability.
Our AUM also is well diversified at the Franchise level, with no Franchise accounting for more than 21% of total AUM. Furthermore, we believe our Franchises’ brand independence reduces the impact of each individual Franchise’s performance on clients’ perceptions of the other Franchises. The distribution of AUM by Franchise and the number of Franchises, as well as succession planning, mitigates the level of key man risk typically associated with investment management businesses.
We believe our client base serves as another important diversifying element, as different client segments have shown to have distinct characteristics, including asset class and product preferences, sales and redemptions trends, and exposure to secular trends. We strive to maintain a balance between direct investor, retail clients, and institutional clients with 34%, 37% and 29% of our AUM as of December 31, 2022, in each of these channels, respectively. We also have the capability to deliver our strategies in investment vehicles designed to meet the needs and preferences of investors in each channel. These investment vehicles include actively and passively managed open-end mutual funds with channel‑specific share classes, rules-based and active ETFs, third-party ETF model strategies, SMAs, UMAs, VIPs, CITs, wrap account programs, UCITs, alternative investments, private closed end funds, and a 529 Education Savings Plan. If a strategy is currently not offered in the wrapper of choice for a client, we have the infrastructure and ability to create a new investment vehicle, which helps our Franchises further diversify their client bases.

