Competitive Strengths
We believe we have significant competitive strengths that position us for sustained growth and shareholder value creation over the long term.

Integrated Model Providing Centralized Distribution, Marketing, and Support Functions to Investment Franchises, which maintain complete Investment Autonomy – Our highly integrated model allows us to achieve benefits from both our substantial scale and the focus of our specialized investment managers. Our Franchises retain investment autonomy while benefiting from our centralized operating platform. We have demonstrated an ability to incorporate our Franchises onto our flexible infrastructure without significantly increasing incremental fixed costs, which is a key component to the scalability of our business model. This structure enables our Franchises to focus their efforts on the investment process, providing them with a scaled platform to enhance their investment performance and consequently their growth prospects. Centralized operations allow our Franchises to customize their desired investment support functions in ways that are best suited for their investment workflow. Through our unified distribution platform, our Franchises can efficiently sell their products to institutional investors, retirement plans, wealth managers, as well as through retail and retirement intermediaries of all sizes, where it can be challenging for smaller managers to gain access, and directly to investors.
 
Within our model, each Franchise retains its own brand and logo, which has been built over time. Unlike other models with unified branding, there is no requirement for newly acquired Franchises to adjust their product set due to pre‑existing products on our platform; they are marketed under their own brand as they were previously. Because of this dynamic, we have the flexibility to add new Franchises either to gain greater exposure to certain asset classes or increase capacity in places where we already have exposure.
Proven Acquirer with Compelling Value Proposition – We believe our platform allows us to continue to be a strategic acquirer within the investment management industry, providing us with an opportunity to further grow and scale our business. Through numerous transactions, we have demonstrated an ability to successfully source, execute and integrate new Franchises.

We believe our unique business model is compelling for potential acquisition prospects. Under our model, Franchises retain the brands they have built as well as autonomy over their investment decisions, while simultaneously benefiting from the ability to leverage our centralized distribution, marketing, and operations platform. Our model reduces the administrative burdens borne by our Investment Franchises and allows them instead to focus on the investment process, which we believe can enhance their investment performance. By offering a platform on which Franchises can focus on their core competencies, grow their client base faster and participate in a revenue share program, we believe we are providing an attractive proposition. Furthermore, we believe equity in Victory Capital is attractive to Franchise investment personnel, as these personnel receive the advantage of sharing in the potential upside of the entirety of our diversified investment management business.
