Competitive Strengths
We believe we have significant competitive strengths that position us for sustained growth and shareholder value creation over the long term.

Attractive Financial Profile – Our revenues are recurring in nature, as they are based on the level of client assets we manage. Most of our strategies are in asset classes that require specialized skill, are in demand and typically command attractive fee rates. With the growth of our Solutions Platform and third-party ETF model strategies, our average fee rate is likely to decline as those businesses continue to grow and represent an increasing proportion of our total AUM. Despite their lower average fee rates, by managing these competitively priced strategies on our integrated platform we can earn higher than our average margins on these products.

Because we largely outsource our middle‑ and back‑office functions, as well as technology support, we have relatively minimal capital expenditure requirements. Our integrated platform allows us the ability to make investments that can benefit each Franchise and our Solutions Platform. Approximately two‑thirds of our operating expenses are variable in nature, consisting of the incentive compensation pool for employees, sales commissions, third‑party distribution costs, sub‑advising and the fees we pay to certain of our vendors. This automatic flexing of our expense base helps to support profitability throughout various market cycles.
We have identified three primary net income growth drivers; (i) we grow our AUM organically through inflows into our strategies and the market appreciation of those strategies; (ii) we have a proven ability to grow via strategic and synergistic acquisitions; and (iii) we have constructed a scalable and efficient platform.
Economic and Structural Alignment of Interests Promotes Ownership Culture – Through our revenue share compensation model for our Franchises and broad employee ownership, we have structurally aligned our employees’ interests with those of our clients and other shareholders and have created an ownership culture that encourages employees to act in the best interests of clients and our Company shareholders, as well as to think long term. We believe the high percentage of employee ownership creates a collective alignment with our success. Additionally, our employees invest in products managed by our Franchises and Solutions Platform, providing direct alignment with the interests of our clients. As of December 31, 2022, 68% of our employees held nearly 20% of the equity in our Company. In addition to being aligned with our financial success through their equity ownership, our current employees collectively have invested nearly $200 million in products we manage as of December 31, 2022.

We directly align the compensation paid to our investment teams with the performance of their respective Franchises by structuring formula‑based revenue sharing on the products they manage. We believe that compensation based on revenue rather than profits encourages investment professionals to focus their attention on investment performance, while encouraging them to provide good client service, focus on client retention and attract new assets. We believe the formula‑based, client‑aligned nature of our revenue sharing reduces complexity and fosters a culture of transparency where Franchises understand how, and on what terms, they are being measured to earn compensation.
