Diversification Strategy
We offer an array of equity, fixed income, investment models, alternative investments, closed end private funds, and solutions strategies that encompass a diverse spectrum of market capitalization segments, industry sectors, investment styles and approaches. We believe that these strategies are positioned to attract positive net flows and sustainable fee rates over the long term and provide us with a next generation investment management platform. As illustrated below, as of December 31, 2022, our current business is well diversified from multiple perspectives, including by asset class, by investment vehicle, and by Franchises and our Solutions Platform.
Within individual asset classes and strategies, our Franchises employ different investment approaches. This diversification reduces the correlation between investment return streams generated by multiple Franchises investing within the same asset class. For example, we have two Franchises (Trivalent and Sophus) focused on Emerging Markets within global/non‑U.S. equity, each with a different investment approach. Trivalent’s investment team primarily focuses on quantitative analysis for stock selection, combined with some fundamental analysis. Sophus employs a front‑end quantitative screen to first rank stocks, then further applies fundamental research to make its investment decisions. Due to the differences in investment approaches, each Franchise has a different return profile for investors in different market environments while maintaining desired asset class exposure.
Our multi‑channel distribution capabilities provide another degree of diversification, with approximately 34% of our AUM from direct investor clients, 37% from retail clients, and 29% from institutional clients, as of December 31, 2022. Within these channels, clients are further diversified among intermediary (broker dealer and RIAs) platforms, sub advisory relationships, corporate and public entities, insurance companies, 529 Education Saving Plan participants, Taft-Hartley plans, endowments, and Family Offices. We believe this broad diversification of customers has a stabilizing effect on revenue, as various types of investors have unique demand patterns and respond differently to trends and market cycles.
