Our Investment Franchises
We own 100% of the equity in each of our 12 Investment Franchises. With no Investment Franchise accounting for more than 21% of total AUM, we are well diversified across asset classes and investment approaches. Our Franchises are independent from one another from an investment process perspective, maintain their own separate brands and logos, which have been built over time, and are led by dedicated Chief Investment Officers (“CIOs”). We customize each Franchise’s integration with our operating platform to optimize their investment processes.

The 12 franchises are: INCORE Capital Management, Integrity Asset Management, Munder Capital Management, New Energy Capital, NewBridge Asset Management, RS Investments, Sophus Capital, Sycamore Capital, Sycamore Capital, THB Asset Management, Trivalent Investments, USAA Investments, WestEnd Advisors

INCORE Capital Management – INCORE Capital Management is comprised of three teams managing convertible bond strategies, short-term U.S. government securities, and niche and customized fixed income strategies focusing on exploiting structural inefficiencies in the U.S. fixed income markets. INCORE conducts extensive research that includes identifying slower prepayment rates on mortgages, market inefficiencies along areas of the yield curve, and proprietary quantitative credit quality modeling. INCORE is based in Birmingham, MI, and Brooklyn, OH and managed $5.8 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our INCORE Investment Franchise includes 12 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 22 years.
Integrity Asset Management – Integrity Asset Management utilizes a dynamic value‑oriented approach to U.S. mid‑ and small‑capitalization companies. Integrity conducts fundamental stock research to find attractive companies that have compelling discounts to the prevailing market conditions. Integrity is based in Rocky River, OH, and managed $4.7 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Integrity Investment Franchise includes 10 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 23 years.

Munder Capital Management – Munder Capital Management has an experienced team utilizing a “Growth‑at‑a‑Reasonable‑Price” strategy in the U.S. equity markets designed to generate consistently strong performance over a market cycle. Munder performs extensive fundamental research in order to find attractive growth companies that it expects will exceed market expectations. Of the companies with independently determined growth attributes, valuation is applied to find the most inexpensive growth companies. Munder is based in Birmingham, MI, and managed $1.3 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Munder Investment Franchise includes five investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 25 years.


