Our Investment Franchises


The 12 franchises are: INCORE Capital Management, Integrity Asset Management, Munder Capital Management, New Energy Capital, NewBridge Asset Management, RS Investments, Sophus Capital, Sycamore Capital, Sycamore Capital, THB Asset Management, Trivalent Investments, USAA Investments, WestEnd Advisors

We own 100% of the equity in each of our 12 Investment Franchises. With no Investment Franchise accounting for more than 21% of total AUM, we are well diversified across asset classes and investment approaches. Our Franchises are independent from one another from an investment process perspective, maintain their own separate brands and logos, which have been built over time, and are led by dedicated Chief Investment Officers (“CIOs”). We customize each Franchise’s integration with our operating platform to optimize their investment processes.


Sophus Capital – Sophus Capital utilizes a disciplined quantitative process that accesses market conditions in emerging equity markets and rank orders attractive companies that are further researched from a fundamental basis. Sophus’ team members travel to companies to conduct fundamental research. Sophus is based in Des Moines, IA, with employees in London, Hong Kong, and Singapore, and managed $3.1 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Sophus Investments Franchise includes 10 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 19 years.

Sycamore Capital – Sycamore Capital applies a quality value‑oriented approach to U.S. mid‑ and small‑ capitalization companies. Sycamore conducts fundamental research to find companies with strong high‑quality balance sheets that are undervalued versus comparable high-quality companies. Sycamore is based in Cincinnati, OH, and managed $32.1 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Sycamore Investment Franchise has a team of 15 including 11 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 17 years.


THB Asset Management – Founded in 1982, and formerly known as Thomson, Hortsmann & Bryant, THB Asset Management (“THB”) manages equity assets in capacity constrained, micro-cap, small-cap, and mid-cap asset classes, including strategies managing U.S., international and global portfolios. THB was an early adopter of introducing ESG factors into their investment process and security selection. THB serves clients in the U.S. and in Europe and Australia. Based in Norwalk, CT, our THB Investments Franchise includes eight investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 13 years. 

Trivalent Investments – Trivalent Investments utilizes a disciplined approach to stock selection across large to small companies in the international and emerging markets space. Trivalent’s investment strategy is primarily a proprietary quantitative process that drives stock selection across various countries. Trivalent frequently conducts reviews of stock selection rankings within a portfolio construction and risk management context in order to isolate performance to stock selection. Trivalent is based in Boston, MA, and managed $4.4 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Trivalent Investment Franchise includes six investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 28 years.
