Our Investment Franchises:

We own 100% of the equity in each of our 12 Investment Franchises. These franchises are: New Energy Capital, NewBridge Asset Management, RS Investments, Sophus Capital, Sycamore Capital, Sycamore Capital, THB Asset Management, Trivalent Investments, USAA Investments, WestEnd Advisors

With no Investment Franchise accounting for more than 21% of total AUM, we are well diversified across asset classes and investment approaches. Our Franchises are independent from one another from an investment process perspective, maintain their own separate brands and logos, which have been built over time, and are led by dedicated Chief Investment Officers (“CIOs”). We customize each Franchise’s integration with our operating platform to optimize their investment processes.


New Energy Capital – NEC manages alternative investments in private closed end funds, with investment periods ranging between five and 10 years. NEC was one of the first investors to focus on clean energy and infrastructure investments of small-and mid-sized clean energy infrastructure projects and companies. NEC’s investments provide growth capital in all forms across the capital structure from credit to equity, as well as hybrid financing arrangements. Based in Hanover, NH, our NEC Investment Franchise includes seven investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 13 years.
 
NewBridge Asset Management – NewBridge Asset Management applies a high conviction growth‑oriented strategy focusing on U.S. large‑capitalization companies experiencing superior long‑term growth rates with strong management teams. Most of NewBridge’s team has worked together since 1996 doing fundamental research on high growth companies. NewBridge portfolios usually holds between 25 and 35 securities. NewBridge is based in New York, NY. Our NewBridge Investment Franchise includes four investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 25 years.

RS Investments – RS Investments is made up of three distinct investment teams: (i) RS Value, (ii) RS Growth and (iii) RS Global. RS Value and RS Growth apply an original and proprietary fundamental approach to investing in value and growth‑oriented U.S. equity strategies. The RS Value and RS Growth teams conduct hundreds of company research meetings each year. RS Global utilizes a highly disciplined quantitative approach to managing core‑oriented global and international equity strategies. RS Investments is based in San Francisco, CA, and managed $6.5 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our RS Investments Investment Franchise team total 25 members including 17 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 22 years. 


