Our Growth Strategy
We have a purposeful strategy designed to achieve continued measured profitable growth and success for our clients, our employees, and our shareholders. The growth we pursue is both organic and inorganic. 
Organic Growth – We seek to grow organically by offering strategies that are value-added and solution oriented to investment portfolios with strong risk-adjusted performance track records over the long term. A key driver of our growth strategy lies in enhancing the strength of our existing Franchises. We primarily do this by providing them with access to our operating platform, technology, distribution, marketing, and other support functions. Largely unencumbered by the burdens of administrative and operational tasks, our investment professionals can focus on delivering investment excellence and maintaining strong client relationships. We also help our Franchises through new product development and product packaging. We believe we are well positioned to help our Franchises grow their product offerings and diversify their client base, with the ability to offer their strategies in multiple investment vehicles to meet the unique needs of diverse clients. 
We continually evaluate and make investments to improve our operating platform. Recent initiatives include investments in data and analytics, technology, distribution, and marketing to enhance organic growth in our business and increase efficiencies in our distribution channels.
Inorganic Growth – We supplement our organic growth through strategic acquisitions. We primarily seek to acquire investment management firms that will add high quality investment teams, enhance our growth and financial profile, improve our diversification by asset class and investment strategy, achieve our integration expectations, and expand our distribution capabilities. 
One of our key advantages in a competitive mergers and acquisition environment is our ability to provide access to multiple distribution channels. Our distribution and marketing platforms drive organic growth at our acquired Franchises both by opening new distribution channels and penetrating deeper into existing ones. This support received from our sales and marketing professionals allows our investment professionals to focus primarily on delivering investment excellence.

Since our management‑led buyout with Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. (“Crestview GP”) from KeyCorp in 2013, we have successfully closed seven acquisitions, made and exited two minority investments, and through December 31, 2022, grown our AUM more than 750% from $17.9 billion to $153.0 billion. We understand the need to execute transactions while minimizing disruption to the investment teams and to the client experience. Our team is very experienced and has a history of success in meeting those objectives. Previous acquisitions have evolved and diversified our products resulting in a mix of compelling investment strategies in asset classes where we can be successful and earn sustainable management fees.

We regularly evaluate potential acquisition candidates and maintain a strong network of industry participants and advisors who provide opportunities to establish potential target relationships and source transactions. Our management team leads and participates in our acquisition strategy, leveraging their many years of experience actively operating our Company on a day‑to‑day basis to successfully source, execute, integrate, and ultimately operate acquired businesses. 