Integrated Distribution, Marketing and Operations

The centralization of our distribution, marketing and operational functions is a key component in our model, allowing our Franchises to focus on their core competencies of security and sector selection, portfolio construction, and client service. In addition, we believe it provides our Franchises with the benefits of operating at scale, providing them with access to a larger number of clients as well as a more streamlined cost structure. As of December 31, 2022, we had 512 full-time employees with 184 in investment management, 238 in sales and marketing roles and 90 in management and support functions.
Our centralized distribution and marketing functions lead the sales effort for our institutional, retail intermediary, and direct investor channels. Our sales teams are staffed with accomplished professionals that are given specific training on how to position each of our strategies. Our distribution teams have historically focused on developing strategic long-term relationships with institutional consultants, institutional asset owners, retail and retirement intermediaries, RIAs, Family Offices, the Direct Channel, and bank trust departments. Complementing these relationships, we use data extensively to enhance the effectiveness of our distribution teams. Investments in data packs from intermediaries, artificial intelligence initiatives, and predictive analytics — used to determine specific financial advisors’ propensities to buy or sell products —further enhance efficiencies.
These relationships can enhance our platform’s overall reach and allow our Franchises and Solutions Platform to access more clients. To ensure high levels of client service, our sales teams liaise regularly with product specialists at our Franchises. The specialists are tasked with responding to institutional client and retail inquiries on product performance and educating prospective investors and retail partners in coordination with the relevant internal sales team members. Our distribution and marketing professionals collaborate closely with our Franchises’ product specialists in order to attract new clients while also servicing and generating additional sales from existing clients.
