VICTORY CAPITAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS
Victory Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (along with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, collectively referred to as the “Company,” “Victory,” or in the first-person notations of “we,” “us,” and “our”), was formed on February 13, 2013 for the purpose of acquiring Victory Capital Management Inc. (“VCM”) and Victory Capital Services, Inc. (“VCS”), formerly known as Victory Capital Advisers, Inc., which occurred on August 1, 2013. On February 12, 2018, the Company completed the initial public offering (the “IPO”) of its Class A common stock, which trades on the NASDAQ under the symbol “VCTR.”
On and effective July 1, 2019, the Company completed the acquisition (the “USAA AMCO Acquisition” or “USAA AMCO”) of USAA Asset Management Company (“USAA Adviser”) and Victory Capital Transfer Agency, Inc. (“VCTA”), formerly known as the USAA Transfer Agency Company d/b/a USAA Shareholder Account Services. The USAA AMCO Acquisition includes USAA’s mutual fund and exchange traded fund (“ETF”) businesses and its 529 Education Savings Plan. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the acquisition. 
VCM is a registered investment adviser managing assets through mutual funds, institutional separate accounts, separately managed account products, unified managed account products, third-party ETF model strategies, collective trust funds, private funds, undertakings for the collective investment in transferrable securities, other pooled vehicles and ETFs. VCM also provides mutual fund administrative services for the Victory Portfolios, Victory Variable Insurance Funds and the mutual fund series of the Victory Portfolios II (collectively, the “Victory Funds”), a family of open-end mutual funds, the VictoryShares (the Company’s ETF brand) and the USAA Mutual Fund Trust, a family of open-end mutual funds (the “USAA Funds”). Additionally, VCM employs all of the Company’s United States investment professionals across its Franchises and Solutions, which are not separate legal entities. VCM’s wholly-owned subsidiaries include RS Investment Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., RS Investments (Hong Kong) Limited, RS Investments (UK) Limited, Victory Capital Digital Assets, LLC and NEC Pipeline LLC. VCS is registered with the SEC as an introducing broker-dealer and serves as distributor and underwriter for the Victory Funds, the USAA Funds and the USAA 529 Education Savings Plan as well as placement agent for certain private funds managed by VCM. VCTA is registered with the SEC as a transfer agent for the USAA Funds.
On March 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of THB Asset Management (“THB”), resulting in THB becoming the Company’s tenth investment franchise. THB manages responsible investment portfolios in the micro-cap, small-cap and mid-cap asset classes, including U.S., global and international strategies. At March 1, 2021, the THB AUM that was acquired totaled $547 million. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the acquisition.
On November 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of New Energy Capital Partners (“NEC”), resulting in NEC becoming the Company’s eleventh investment franchise. Founded in 2004 and based in Hanover, New Hampshire, NEC is an alternative asset management firm focused on debt and equity investments in clean energy infrastructure projects and companies. At November 1, 2021, the NEC AUM that was acquired totaled $795 million. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the acquisition.
On December 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of WestEnd Advisors, LLC (“WestEnd”), resulting in WestEnd becoming the Company’s twelfth investment franchise. Founded in 2004, and headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, WestEnd is an ETF strategist advisor that provides financial advisors with a turnkey, core model allocation strategy for either a holistic solution or complementary source of alpha. The firm offers four primary ETF strategies and one large cap core strategy, all in tax efficient Separately Managed Account (SMA) structures. At December 31, 2021, the WestEnd AUM that was acquired totaled $19.3 billion. WestEnd is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and is the Company’s second registered investment adviser. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the acquisition.
Changes in Capital Structure 
On February 12, 2018, the Company completed the initial public offering (“IPO”) of its Class A common stock. The Company issued 11,700,000 shares of Class A common stock at a price of $13.00 per share at the closing of the IPO. On March 13, 2018, the Company issued an additional 1,110,860 shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the underwriters’ exercise of their option. All shares of common stock outstanding prior to the IPO were immediately converted into Class B common stock at a one-to-one ratio. 
 
On September 27, 2021, the Board of Directors approved amendments to the Company’s corporate charter and bylaws to eliminate the Company’s dual-class share structure. On November 19, 2021, the Company’s stockholders voted on and approved an amendment to the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amendment”), as amended, to eliminate the Company’s dual-class stock structure. The Amendment (i) converted all the shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the “Conversion”), (ii) deleted provisions no longer applicable following the Conversion, (iii) renamed our Class A Common Stock as “Common Stock.” 
On July 1, 2019, concurrent with the USAA AMCO Acquisition, the Company (i) entered into the 2019 Credit Agreement, (ii) repaid all indebtedness outstanding under the 2018 Credit Agreement and (iii) terminated the 2018 Credit Agreement. The 2019 Credit Agreement was entered into among the Company, as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, pursuant to which the Company obtained seven-year term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $1.1 billion and established a five-year revolving credit facility (which was unfunded as of the closing date) with aggregate commitments of $100.0 million.
On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the First Amendment, the Company refinanced the existing term loans (the “2019 Term Loans”) with replacement term loans (the “2020 Term Loans”) in an aggregate principal amount of $952.0 million. The 2020 Term Loans provided for substantially the same terms as the 2019 Term Loans, including the same maturity date of July 1, 2026, except that the 2020 Term Loans provided for a reduced applicable margin on the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) of 75 basis points. The applicable margin on LIBOR under the 2020 Term Loans was 2.50%, compared to 3.25% under the 2019 Term Loans.
On February 18, 2021, the Company entered into the Second Amendment (the “Second Amendment”) to the 2019 Credit Agreement, as amended, with the other loan parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the Royal Bank of Canada as fronting bank. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company refinanced the 2020 Term Loans with replacement term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $755.7 (the “Repriced Term Loans”). The Repriced Term Loans provide for substantially the same terms as the 2020 Term Loans, including the same maturity date of July 1, 2026, except that the Repriced Term Loans provide for a reduced applicable margin on LIBOR of 25 basis points. The applicable margin on LIBOR under the Repriced Term Loans is 2.25%, compared to 2.50% under the 2020 Terms Loans.
On December 31, 2021, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the “Third Amendment”), dated as of July 1, 2019 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2020, and the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021) with the guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the Company obtained incremental term loans (the “2021 Incremental Term Loans”) in an aggregate principal amount of $505.0 million and used the proceeds to fund the WestEnd Acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of WestEnd and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. The 2021 Incremental Term Loans will mature in 2028 and will bear interest at an annual rate equal to, at the option of the Company, either LIBOR (adjusted for reserves and subject to a 50 basis point floor) plus a margin of 2.25% or an alternate base rate plus a margin of 1.25%. The 2021 Incremental Term Loans will amortize at a rate of 1.00% per annum. 
On September 23, 2022, the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment (the “Fourth Amendment”) to the 2019 Credit Agreement to change the interest rate on the Repriced Term Loans and 2021 Incremental Term Loans from LIBOR to a rate based on SOFR plus a ten-basis point credit spread adjustment. There was no change to the applicable margin on the referenced rate as a result of the Fourth Amendment.
Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further information on the USAA AMCO and WestEnd Acquisitions and Note 11, Debt, for additional information on the Company’s debt structure.

NOTE 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).
On November 19, 2021, the Company’s stockholders voted on and approved the Amendment eliminating the Company’s dual-class stock structure. Upon the filing of the Amendment on November 23, 2021, all the shares of Class B common stock were converted into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock and the Company’s Class A common stock was renamed as “Common Stock.” All references within this document to Class A common stock for periods prior to November 23, 2021 have been updated for the renaming. 
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the operations of the Company and its wholly‑owned subsidiaries, after elimination of all significant intercompany transactions and balances. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
The Company evaluates entities in which it invests and investment funds that it sponsors to determine whether the Company has a controlling financial interest in these entities and is required to consolidate them. A controlling financial interest generally exists if (i) the Company holds greater than 50% voting interest in entities controlled through voting interests or if (ii) the Company has the ability to direct significant activities of a fund not controlled through voting interests (a variable interest entity or VIE) and the obligation to absorb losses of and/or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.
The Company’s involvement with non‑consolidated sponsored investment funds that are considered VIEs include providing investment advisory, fund administration, fund compliance, fund transfer agent, fund distribution services and other management services and/or holding a minority interest. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's investments in and maximum risk of loss related to unconsolidated sponsored VIE investment funds totaled $25.3 million and $29.6 million, respectively which are included in investments in proprietary funds and deferred compensation plan investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company has not provided financial support to these entities outside the ordinary course of business, which includes assuming operating expenses of funds for competitive or contractual reasons through fee waivers and fund expense reimbursements. The Company does not consolidate the sponsored investment funds in which it has an equity investment as it holds a minority interest, does not direct significant activities of these funds and does not have the right to receive benefits nor the obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to these funds.
Upon the completion of the NEC Acquisition on November 1, 2021, VCM became the manager of certain general partner entities associated with the NEC Funds. The Company has no equity investment in these general partner entities, which are non-consolidated VIEs, nor in the NEC Funds and has no share of these general partner entities’ income or losses. 
The Company owned a 15% equity interest in Alderwood Partners LLP (“Alderwood”) from September 20, 2020 through July 31, 2022, when the Company retired as a member of Alderwood. The Company analyzed its investment in Alderwood under the voting interest model and determined that it did not have a controlling financial interest. The Company accounted for its Alderwood investment using the equity method of accounting. Refer to Note 13, Equity Method Investment, for additional information on Alderwood.
The Company applies the equity method of accounting to investments where it does not hold a controlling equity interest, but has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial matters. In the event that management identifies an other than temporary decline in the estimated fair value of an equity method investment to an amount below its carrying value, the investment is written down to its estimated fair value.
Use of Estimates and Assumptions
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates and the differences may be material.
Revenue Recognition

 
The Company accounts for revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company’s revenue includes fees earned from providing investment management services, fund administration services, fund compliance, fund transfer agent services and fund distribution services.
Revenue is recognized for each distinct performance obligation identified in customer contracts when the performance obligation has been satisfied by transferring services to a customer either over time or at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the service. Revenue is recognized in the amount of variable or fixed consideration allocated to the satisfied performance obligation that Victory expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring services to a customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only when it is probable that a significant reversal of such revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. 
For further information on the Company’s various revenue streams, refer to Note 3, Revenue.
Distribution and Other Asset‑Based Expenses
Distribution and other asset‑based expenses include (i) broker dealer distribution fees, (ii) platform distribution fees, (iii) sub‑administration, third party sub-transfer agent and sub‑advisory expenses. These expenses are accrued on a monthly basis and are generally calculated as a percentage of AUM and vary as levels of AUM change from inflows, outflows and market movement and with the number of days in the month.
Also included in distribution and other asset‑based expenses are middle office expenses. Middle office expenses are accrued on a monthly basis and vary with changes in mutual fund, institutional and wrap separate account AUM levels, the number of accounts and volume of account transaction activity.
Restructuring and Integration Costs
In connection with business combinations, asset purchases and changes in business strategy, the Company incurs costs integrating investment platforms, products and personnel into existing systems, processes and service provider arrangements and restructuring the business to capture operating expense synergies. 
These costs include severance‑related expenses related to one‑time benefit arrangements and contract termination costs. A liability for restructuring costs is recognized only after management has developed a formal plan to which it has committed. The costs included in the restructuring liability are those costs that are either incremental or incurred as a direct result of the plan, or are the result of a continuing contractual obligation with no continuing economic benefit to the Company, or a penalty incurred to cancel the contractual obligation. Severance expense is recorded when management has committed to a plan for a reduction in workforce, the plan has been communicated to employees and it is unlikely that there will be significant changes to the plan.
Contract termination liabilities are recorded for contract termination costs when the Company terminates a contract or stops using the product or service covered by the contract. Contract termination liabilities are recognized and measured at fair value. Contract termination costs are recorded in restructuring and integration costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at banks, money market accounts and funds and short‑term liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. For the Company and certain subsidiaries, cash deposits at a financial institution may exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits.
Investments
Investments in Proprietary Funds
Investments in proprietary funds include investments in affiliated mutual funds and are recorded in investments in proprietary funds, at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in fair value are recognized in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The cost of securities sold is determined using the specific identification method. Dividend income is accrued on the declaration date and is included in other income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Transactions are recorded on a trade‑date basis.
The Company periodically reviews each individual security that is in an unrealized loss position to determine if the impairment is other‑than‑temporary. Factors that are considered in determining whether other‑than‑temporary declines in value have occurred include the severity and duration of the unrealized loss and the Company’s ability and intent to hold the security for a length of time sufficient to allow for recovery of such unrealized losses. Impairment charges are recorded in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. No impairments were recognized as a result of such review in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Deferred Compensation Plan Investments
Deferred compensation plan investments include investments in affiliated and third party mutual funds held in a rabbi trust under a deferred compensation plan. Deferred compensation plan investments are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in value in deferred compensation plan investments are recognized by the Company in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The Company's investments in proprietary funds and deferred compensation plan investments are valued through the use of quoted market prices available in an active market, which is the net asset value of the funds.
Derivative Financial Instruments
On March 27, 2020, the Company entered into an interest rate swap transaction (the “Swap”) to manage interest rate risk associated with a portion of its floating-rate long-term debt. The Company does not purchase or hold any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
The designation of a derivative instrument as a hedge and its ability to meet the hedge accounting criteria determine how the Company reflects the change in fair value of the derivative instrument. A derivative qualifies for hedge accounting treatment if, at inception, it meets defined correlation and effectiveness criteria. These criteria require that the anticipated cash flows and/or changes in fair value of the hedging instrument substantially offset those of the position being hedged. The Swap is assessed for effectiveness and continued qualification for hedge accounting on a quarterly basis. Since inception, the Swap was deemed to be highly effective. 
The Swap is designated as a cash flow hedge. Accordingly, the Swap is measured at fair value with mark-to-market gains or losses deferred and included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI(L)”), net of tax, to the extent the hedge is determined to be effective. Gains or losses from the Swap are reclassified to interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Refer to Note 12, Derivatives, for further information.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization is computed using the straight‑line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, generally three to ten years. Improvements to leased property are amortized on a straight‑line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the improvements or the term of the applicable lease. When assets are sold or retired, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Gains and losses resulting from the sale or disposal of assets as part of a restructuring plan are included in restructuring and integration costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The cost of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Equipment and leasehold improvements are tested for impairment whenever changes in facts or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Leases
The Company’s leases consist primarily of real estate leases for office space. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. A lease liability and a corresponding right-of-use ("ROU") asset are recognized on the commencement date for leases with terms longer than one year. Lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease while ROU assets represent a right to use an underlying asset during the lease term. The lease liability is measured at the present value of the future lease payments over the lease term generally using the Company's incremental borrowing rate, which is determined through market sources. Lease components and non-lease components such as fixed maintenance and other costs are combined into one lease component and capitalized in lease liabilities. Variable lease payments, such as utilities and common area maintenance charges, are excluded from lease liabilities and expensed as incurred. The variable lease payments are determined based on terms in the lease contracts and primarily relate to usage of the ROU asset and services received from the lessor. A ROU asset is measured initially as the value of the lease liability plus initial direct costs and prepaid lease payments and less lease incentives received. The lease term includes periods covered by options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Capitalized Service Contract Implementation Costs
The Company follows the internal-use software guidance in ASC 350-40 to determine for hosting arrangements that are service contracts which implementation costs to capitalize as assets. Costs incurred in the software application development stage such as customization, integration with Company software, coding and configuration are capitalized. Costs incurred in the preliminary project and post-implementation stages are expensed as incurred.
Capitalized service contract implementation costs are expensed over the fixed, noncancelable term of the contract plus any reasonably certain renewal periods. The estimated term of the hosting arrangement is reassessed periodically, and any change is accounted for as a change in accounting estimate, with the remaining deferred costs recognized over the rest of the revised period. Amortization begins when the related component of the arrangement is ready for its intended use, and costs are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis.
Segment Reporting
The Company operates in one business segment that provides investment management services and products to institutional, intermediary, retirement platforms and individual investors. Our determination that we had one operating segment is based on the fact that the Chief Operating Decision Maker reviews the Company's financial performance on an aggregate level.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess cost of the acquisition over the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, the Company has determined that there is only one reporting unit.
The Company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. Factors that could trigger an impairment review include underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the Company's use of the acquired assets in a business combination or strategy for the Company's overall business, significant negative industry or economic trends and significant decreases in the Company’s market capitalization. The Company conducts the annual impairment assessment as of October 1st and uses a qualitative approach to test for potential impairment of goodwill. If, after considering various factors, management determines that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying amount. A goodwill impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit’s carrying amount exceeds its fair value. The assumptions used to estimate fair value include management's estimates of future growth rates, operating cash flows, discount rates and terminal value. These assumptions and estimates can change in future periods based on market movement and factors impacting the expected business performance. Changes in assumptions or estimates could materially affect the determination of our fair value. 
Intangible Assets
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are initially recognized and measured at fair value. Intangible assets acquired by the Company outside of a business combination are initially recognized and measured based on the Company's cost to acquire the intangible assets. If a group of assets is acquired, the cost is allocated to individual assets based on their relative fair value. In valuing these assets, we make assumptions regarding useful lives and projected growth rates, and significant judgment is required.
Definite‑lived intangible assets represent the value of acquired customer relationships in or with institutional separate accounts, collective funds, intermediary wrap separate account (wrap SMA), unified managed account/model (UMA) intermediaries and private funds. Definite‑lived intangible assets also include intellectual property, advisory contracts that do not have a sufficient history of annual renewal, definite-lived trade name assets, lease-related assets and non‑competition agreements.
The Company amortizes definite‑lived identifiable intangible assets on a straight‑line basis over a period that is shorter than the asset's economic life as the pattern of economic benefit cannot be reliably determined. 
 
Management periodically evaluates the remaining useful lives and carrying values of the intangible assets to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that a change in the useful life or impairment in value may have occurred. Indicators of impairment monitored by management include a decline in the level of managed assets, changes to contractual provisions underlying certain intangible assets and reductions in underlying operating cash flows. Should there be an indication of a change in the useful life or impairment in value of the definite‑lived intangible assets, we compare the carrying value of the asset to the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the underlying asset over its remaining useful life to determine whether impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the asset is written down to its fair value determined using discounted cash flows. The Company writes off the cost and accumulated amortization balances for all fully amortized intangible assets.
Indefinite‑lived intangible assets include trade names and contracts for fund advisory, distribution and transfer agent services where the Company expects to, and has the ability to continue to manage these funds indefinitely, the contracts have annual renewal provisions, and there is a high likelihood of continued renewal based on historical experience. Trade names are considered indefinite‑lived intangible assets when they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely.
Indefinite‑lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually as of October 1st using a qualitative approach which requires that positive and negative evidence collected as a result of considering various factors be weighed in order to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite‑lived intangible asset is impaired. In addition, periodically management reconsiders whether events or circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. Indicators monitored by management that may indicate an indefinite useful life is no longer supported include a significant decline in the level of managed assets, changes to legal, regulatory or contractual provisions of the renewable investment advisory contracts and reductions in underlying operating cash flows.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are combined into a single unit of accounting for purposes of testing impairment if they operate as a single asset and represent as a group the highest and best use of the assets. If the qualitative approach indicates that it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, the Company estimates the fair value of the indefinite‑lived intangible asset and compares it to the book value of the asset to determine whether an impairment charge is necessary. Impairment is indicated when the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value.
Investment Management Fees Receivable and Fund Administration and Distribution Fees Receivable
Investment management fees receivable include investment management fees due from the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and other pooled funds sponsored by Victory and investment management fees due from non-affiliated parties. Fund administration and distribution fees receivable include administration, compliance and distribution fees due from the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares and transfer agent fees due from the USAA Funds and sub-transfer agent fees due from the Victory Funds. 
Provision for credit losses on these receivables is made in amounts required to maintain an adequate allowance to cover anticipated losses. All investment management fees receivable and fund administration and distribution fees receivable were determined to be collectible as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and accordingly, no reserve for credit losses and no provision for credit losses were recognized as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Other Receivables
Other receivables primarily include income and other taxes receivable and were determined to be collectible as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Advertising and Marketing Costs
In December 2022, the Company entered into a long-term partnership with Spurs Sports & Entertainment and executed naming rights and partnership agreements for the team’s new performance center. The agreements, which end in 2033, grant the Company exclusive naming rights, sponsorship, signage, advertising and other promotional rights and benefits for the new performance center.
Payments made under the agreements are deferred and expensed on a straight-line basis over the term of the arrangement. The related advertising and marketing expense is recorded in general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The balance of amounts paid less amortized expense are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in other assets when cumulative payments exceed amortized expense and in other liabilities when amortized expense exceeds cumulative payments.
Share‑Based Compensation Arrangements
Compensation expense related to share‑based payments is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. The fair value of each option granted is estimated using the Black‑Scholes option valuation model. The fair value of restricted share awards with service based vesting conditions and performance based vesting conditions is based on the market price of our stock on the date of grant. The fair value of restricted share awards subject to market conditions is estimated based on a probability-weighted expected value analysis. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight‑line basis over the total vesting period of the award for the service portion of restricted share awards and stock option awards. Compensation expense is recognized on an accelerated basis over the derived service period for awards that vest based on market conditions and on an accelerated basis over the requisite service period for awards with performance conditions if it is probable that the performance conditions will be satisfied. Compensation expense is adjusted for actual forfeitures in the period the forfeiture occurs. The corresponding credit for restricted share and stock option compensation expense is recorded to additional paid in capital.
When changes are made to the terms of an equity award that result in a change in the fair value of the equity award immediately before and after the change, the Company applies modification accounting, treating the change as an exchange of the original award for a new award. The calculation of the incremental value associated with the modified award is based on the excess of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award measured immediately before its terms are modified.
Earnings Per Share
The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is similar to basic earnings per share, but adjusts for the dilutive effect of the potential issuance of incremental shares of the Company’s Common Stock. The Company had vested and unvested stock options and unvested restricted stock grants outstanding during the periods presented and applies the treasury stock method to these securities in its calculation of diluted earnings per share. The treasury stock method assumes that the proceeds of exercise are used to purchase common stock at the average market price for the period. The Company does not have any participating securities that would require the use of the two‑class method of computing earnings per share. 
Deferred Financing Fees
The costs of obtaining term loan financing are capitalized in long‑term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized to interest expense and other financing costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the term of the respective financing using the effective interest method. The costs of obtaining revolving line of credit financing are capitalized in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized to interest expense and other financing costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations on a straight‑line basis over the term of the facility.
The Company expenses the portion of unamortized debt financing costs associated with paydowns of principal in excess of required loan amortization payments. Management considers this debt to be partially settled. Deferred financing costs expensed due to partial settlements of debt are recorded in loss on debt extinguishment in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Debt Modification
Gains and losses on debt modifications that are considered extinguishments are recognized in current earnings. Debt modifications that are not considered extinguishments are accounted for prospectively through yield adjustments, based on the revised terms. Legal fees and other costs incurred with third parties that are directly related to debt modifications are expensed as incurred and generally are included in general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company expensed $0.4 million and $0.9 million in costs related to debt modifications in 2021 and 2020, respectively ($0 in 2022). The analysis as to whether a modification of debt is an extinguishment or modification is performed on a creditor‑by‑creditor basis. Refer to Note 11, Debt, for further information on debt refinancings and modifications.
Treasury Stock
 
Acquisitions of treasury stock are recorded at cost. Treasury stock held is reported as a deduction from stockholders' equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At the date of subsequent reissue, the treasury stock account is reduced by the cost of such stock on a specific‑identification basis. Additional paid‑in capital from treasury stock transactions is increased as the Company reissues treasury stock for more than the cost of the shares. If the Company issues treasury stock for less than its cost, additional paid‑in capital from treasury stock transactions is reduced to no less than zero. Once this account is at zero, any further required reductions are recorded to retained earnings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Foreign Currency Transactions
The financial statements of the Company’s subsidiaries which operate outside of the United States (U.S.) are measured using the local currency as the functional currency. Adjustments to translate those statements into U.S. dollars are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), which were immaterial in amount at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are recorded using the exchange rate on the date of the transaction. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of financial assets and liabilities are recorded in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign exchange gains and losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial.
Income Taxes
Income taxes are accounted for using the assets and liability method as required by ASC 740, Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax liabilities are generally attributable to indefinite‑lived intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, goodwill, depreciation, debt issuance costs and mark-to-market gains on the Swap. Deferred tax assets are generally attributable to definite‑lived intangible assets, deferred compensation and acquisition-related costs. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
The Company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more-likely-than-not standard. The assessment considers, among other matters, recent operating results, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods and the Company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused. Changes in circumstances could cause the Company to revalue its deferred tax balances with the resulting change impacting the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period of the change.
The Company records income tax liabilities pursuant to ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes the recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. It also provides guidance on de‑recognition, classification of interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. For tax positions meeting a more‑likely‑than‑not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest amount of benefit greater than 50% likely of being sustained. The more‑likely‑than‑not threshold must continue to be met in each reporting period to support continued recognition of the benefit. The Company's accounting policy with respect to interest and penalties related to tax uncertainties is to classify these amounts as income taxes.
Loss Contingencies
The Company continuously reviews investor, client, employee or vendor complaints and pending or threatened litigation. The Company evaluates the likelihood that a loss contingency exists under the criteria of applicable accounting standards through consultation with legal counsel and records a loss contingency, inclusive of legal costs, if the contingency is probable and reasonably estimable at the date of the financial statements.
Business Combinations
The Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting and allocates the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. The fair values are determined in accordance with the guidance in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, based on valuations performed by the Company and independent valuation specialists.
 
Asset Acquisitions
When a group of assets is acquired that does constitute a business, the Company accounts for the transaction as an asset acquisition. The cost of the acquisition, which includes transaction costs directly related to the transaction and consideration paid, is allocated on a relative fair value basis to the net assets acquired. 
Contingent and Deferred Payment Arrangements
The Company periodically enters into contingent and/or deferred payment arrangements in connection with its business combinations. Liabilities under contingent and deferred payment arrangements are recorded in consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In contingent payment arrangements, the Company agrees to pay additional consideration to the sellers based on future performance, such as future net revenue levels. The Company estimates the fair value of these potential future obligations at the time a business combination is consummated and records a liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at estimated fair value. In deferred payment arrangements, the Company records a liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the time a business combination is consummated for the present value, which is the estimated fair value, of the future fixed dollar contractual payments.
Contingent payment obligations are remeasured at fair value each reporting date taking into consideration changes in expected payments, and the change in fair value is recorded in the current period as a gain or loss. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of contingent payment obligations are reflected in change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
The Company accretes obligations under deferred payment arrangements to their expected payment amounts over the period covered by the arrangement.
Compensatory Payment Arrangements
In connection with business combinations, the Company evaluates whether any portion of the transaction consideration is in exchange for elements other than the acquired business and should be accounted for as a separate transaction apart from the business combination. If based on the substance of the contingent payment arrangement, the Company determines that the payments are compensation for post-acquisition employee services, the Company considers this a compensatory payment arrangement and no liability is recorded for the payments on the acquisition date. The related expense, which is the total amount of compensation management estimates will be paid, is accrued on a straight-line basis over the estimated service period, which is the time period when management determines that it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. At each reporting date, cumulative expense recognized under the compensatory payment arrangement will be at least equal to the cumulative dollar amount actually paid out and currently payable under the terms of the related purchase agreement. If there is a significant change in the estimated service period and/or estimated total compensation amount, management generally adjusts the amount of expense recorded on a prospective basis. Expense recognized under compensatory payment arrangements is recorded in personnel compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the related liability is included in accrued compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

