2022 Overview part 3

THB Acquisition (the “THB Acquisition”) – On March 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets of THB, resulting in THB becoming the Company’s tenth investment franchise. The acquisition expanded and diversified our investment platform, adding capacity constrained asset classes. THB manages responsible investment portfolios in the micro-cap, small-cap and mid-cap assets classes, including U.S., global and international strategies. At March 1, 2021, the THB AUM that was acquired totaled $547 million.
Nominal consideration was paid for the assets of THB. The THB investment team shares in the revenue generated on their products and benefit from our centralized operational, marketing and distribution platforms. THB has significant room for AUM growth across its product set, which we think will significantly accelerate with our distribution support. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the THB Acquisition. 
USAA AMCO Acquisition – On July 1, 2019, the Company completed the acquisition (the “USAA AMCO Acquisition”) of USAA Asset Management (“USAA Adviser”) and VCTA, formally known as the USAA Transfer Agency Company. The acquisition expanded and diversified the Company’s investment platform and increased the Company’s size and scale. The acquisition also provided the Company the rights to offer products and services using the USAA brand and the opportunity to offer its products to USAA members through a direct distribution channel.
A maximum of $150.0 million ($37.5 million per year) in contingent payments is payable to sellers based on the annual revenue of USAA Adviser attributable to all “non-managed money”-related AUM in each of the first four years following the closing date. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we paid $37.5 million in cash to sellers for the first annual contingent payment. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we paid $37.5 million in cash to sellers for the second annual contingent payment. On October 7, 2022, the Company paid $37.5 million in cash to sellers for the third annual earn out period for the USAA AMCO Acquisition.
The estimated fair value of contingent consideration payable to sellers was estimated at $27.7 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to $68.8 million at December 31, 2021 and is included in consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The decrease in the fair value of the liability of $3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was recorded in change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the USAA AMCO Acquisition.
Alderwood - The Company owned a 15% equity interest in Alderwood Partners LLP (“Alderwood”) from September 20, 2020 through July 31, 2022, when the Company retired as a member of Alderwood. The Company analyzed its investment in Alderwood under the voting interest model and determined that it did not have a controlling financial interest. The Company accounted for its Alderwood investment using the equity method of accounting. Refer to Note 13, Equity Method Investment, for additional information on Alderwood.
