Products and Investment Performance
As of December 31, 2022, our 12 Franchises and Solutions Platform offered 128 investment strategies with the majority consisting of fixed income, U.S. small‑ and mid‑cap equities, global/non‑U.S. equities and solutions. These asset classes collectively comprised 88% of our $153.0 billion of total AUM, and 90% of long-term AUM, as of December 31, 2022.
Product Mix – Our investment strategies are offered through actively and passively managed mutual funds, rules-based and active ETFs, institutional separate accounts, VIPs, ESG and impact investment strategies, alternative investments, private closed end funds, and a 529 Education Savings Plan. Victory Capital’s strategies are sold directly to investors as well as through third-party investment products, including mutual funds, third-party ETF model strategies, retail SMAs and UMAs through wrap account programs, CITs, and UCITs.. Our product mix could expand, as we can add investment vehicles to strategies offered by our Franchises.

Investment Performance – Our Franchises have established a long track record of benchmark‑relative outperformance, including prior to their acquisition by us. As of December 31, 2022, 79% of our strategies by AUM had returns in excess of their respective benchmarks over a ten‑year period, 79% over a five‑year period, 84% over a three‑year period, and 54% over a one-year period. On an equal‑weighted basis, 67% of our strategies have outperformed their benchmarks over a ten‑year period, 63% over a five‑year period, 70% over a three‑year period, and 59% over a one-year period. We consider both the AUM‑weighted and equal‑weighted metrics in evaluating our investment performance. The advantage of the AUM‑weighted metric is that it reflects the investment performance of our Company as a whole, indicating whether we tend to outperform our benchmarks for the assets we manage. The disadvantage is that the metric fails to capture the overall effectiveness of our individual investment strategies; it does not capture whether most of our strategies tend to outperform their respective benchmarks. Conversely, the equal‑weighted metric reflects the overall effectiveness of our individual investment strategies but fails to capture the investment performance of our Company as a whole.

A high percentage of our mutual fund and ETF assets have four- or five-star Morningstar ratings. As of December 31, 2022, 44 of our Victory Capital mutual funds and ETFs, with Morningstar overall ratings, earned ratings of four or five stars overall and 62% of our mutual fund and ETF AUM were rated four or five stars overall by Morningstar. Over a three‑year and five‑year basis, 52% and 58% of our fund AUM achieved four- or five-star ratings, respectively.