Regulatory Environment and Compliance
Our business is subject to extensive regulation in the United States at the federal level and, to a lesser extent, the state level, as well as regulation by self‑regulatory organizations, and outside the United States. Under these laws and regulations, agencies that regulate investment advisers have broad administrative powers, including the power to limit, restrict or prohibit an investment adviser from carrying on its business in the event that it fails to comply with such laws and regulations. Possible sanctions that may be imposed include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in certain lines of business for specified periods of time, revocation of investment adviser registration and other registrations, censures, and fines.
SEC Investment Adviser and Investment Company Registration / Regulation – VCM and WestEnd are both registered with the SEC as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”), and the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and several of the investment companies we sub‑advise are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”). The Advisers Act and the 1940 Act, together with the SEC’s regulations and interpretations thereunder, impose substantive and material restrictions and requirements on the operations of advisers and registered funds. The SEC is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the Advisers Act and the 1940 Act, ranging from fines and censures to termination of an adviser’s registration. As an investment adviser, we have a fiduciary duty to our clients. The SEC has interpreted that duty to impose standards, requirements, and limitations on, among other things: trading for proprietary, personal and client accounts; allocations of investment opportunities among clients; our use of soft dollars; execution of transactions; and recommendations to clients. We manage accounts for clients on a discretionary basis, with authority to buy and sell securities for each portfolio, select broker‑dealers to execute trades and negotiate brokerage commission rates. In connection with certain of these transactions, we receive soft dollar credits from broker‑dealers that have the effect of reducing certain of our expenses. All our soft dollar arrangements are intended to be within the safe harbor provided by Section 28(e) of the Exchange Act. If our ability to use soft dollars were reduced or eliminated as a result of the implementation of statutory amendments or new regulations, our operating expenses would increase. In addition, we also advise clients on a non-discretionary basis where we provide actively managed models using non-proprietary products. This is often referred to as assets under advisement.
As registered investment advisers, VCM and WestEnd are subject to many additional requirements that cover, among other things: disclosure of information about our business to clients; maintenance of written policies and procedures; maintenance of extensive books and records; restrictions on the types of fees we may charge; custody of client assets; client privacy; advertising; and solicitation of clients. The SEC has authority to inspect any investment adviser and typically inspects a registered adviser periodically to determine whether the adviser is conducting its activities (i) in accordance with applicable laws, (ii) in a manner that is consistent with disclosures made to clients and (iii) with adequate systems and procedures to ensure compliance.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, 81% of our total revenues were derived from our services to investment companies registered under the 1940 Act—i.e., mutual funds and ETFs. The 1940 Act imposes significant requirements and limitations on a registered fund, including with respect to its capital structure, investments, and transactions. While we exercise broad discretion over the day‑to‑day management of the business and affairs of the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and the investment portfolios of the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, and VictoryShares and the funds we sub‑advise, the funds are subject to oversight of and governance by each fund’s board of directors. Under the 1940 Act, a majority of the directors of our registered funds must not be “interested persons” with respect to us (sometimes referred to as the “independent director” requirement) in order to rely on certain exemptive rules under the 1940 Act relevant to the operation of registered funds. The responsibilities of the fund’s board include, among other things: approving our investment advisory agreement with the fund (or, for sub‑advisory arrangements, our sub‑advisory agreement with the fund’s investment adviser); approving other service providers; determining the method of valuing assets; and monitoring transactions involving affiliates. Our investment advisory agreements with these funds may be terminated by the funds on not more than 60 days’ notice and are subject to annual renewal by the fund’s board after the initial term of one to two years. The 1940 Act also imposes on investment advisers or sub‑advisers to a registered fund a fiduciary duty with respect to the receipt of the advisers’ investment management fees or the sub-advisers’ sub‑advisory fees. That fiduciary duty may be enforced by the SEC, by administrative action or by litigation by investors in the fund pursuant to a private right of action.
As required by the Advisers Act, our investment advisory agreements may not be assigned without the client’s consent. Under the 1940 Act, investment advisory agreements with registered funds (such as the mutual funds and ETFs we manage) terminate automatically upon assignment. The term “assignment” is broadly defined and includes direct assignments as well as assignments that may be deemed to occur upon the transfer, directly or indirectly, of a “controlling block” of our outstanding voting securities. Refer to “Risk Factors—Business Risks—An assignment could result in termination of our investment advisory agreements to manage SEC‑registered funds and could trigger consent requirements in our other investment advisory agreements.”
SEC Broker‑Dealer Registration / FINRA Regulation – VCS is subject to regulation by the SEC, FINRA and various states. In addition, certain of our employees are registered with FINRA and such states and subject to SEC, state and FINRA regulation. The failure of these companies and/or employees to comply with relevant regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business.
SEC Transfer Agent Registration – VCTA is a SEC-registered transfer agent. Our registered transfer agent is subject to the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. These laws and regulations generally grant the SEC and other supervisory bodies broad administrative powers to address non-compliance with regulatory requirements. Sanctions that may be imposed for non-compliance with these requirements include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in certain activities for specified periods of time or for specified types of clients, the revocation of registrations, other censures, and significant fines.
ERISA‑Related Regulation – We are a fiduciary under Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”) with respect to assets that we manage for benefit plan clients subject to ERISA. ERISA, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA, prohibit certain transactions involving ERISA plan clients and impose monetary penalties for violations of these prohibitions. The duties under ERISA require, among other obligations, that fiduciaries perform their duties solely in the interests of ERISA plan participants and beneficiaries.
CFTC Regulation – VCM is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) as a commodity operator and is a member of the National Futures Association (“NFA”), a self‑regulatory organization for the U.S. derivatives industry. In addition, certain of our employees are registered with the CFTC and members of NFA. Registration with the CFTC and NFA membership subjects VCM to regulation by the CFTC and the NFA including, but not limited to, reporting, recordkeeping, disclosure, self‑examination and training requirements. Registration with the CFTC also subjects VCM to periodic on‑site audits. Each of the CFTC and NFA is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of applicable regulations.
Non‑U.S. Regulation – In addition to the extensive regulation to which we are subject in the United States, we are subject to regulation internationally. Our business also is subject to the rules and regulations of the countries in which we market our funds or services and conduct investment activities.
In Singapore, we are subject to, among others, the Securities and Futures Act (“SFA”), the Financial Advisers Act (“FAA”), and the subsidiary legislation promulgated pursuant to these acts, which are administered by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”). We and our employees conducting regulated activities specified in the SFA and/or the FAA are required to be licensed with the MAS. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, codes, directives, notices, and guidelines issued by the MAS may result in penalties including fines, censures and the suspension or revocation of licenses granted by the MAS.
VCM is also authorized by the Central Bank of Ireland, which regulates our Irish business activities, to act as an investment manager to Irish UCITS fund. We have historically operated in Australia based on a “sufficient equivalence relief” exemption from local licensing with the Australian Securities and Investments commission. In 2021, we applied for a Foreign Australian Financial Services License which was granted on June 15, 2021. 
Compliance – Our legal and compliance functions consist of 13 professionals as of December 31, 2022. This group is responsible for all legal and regulatory compliance matters, as well as for monitoring adherence to client investment guidelines. Our legal and compliance teams work through a well‑established reporting and communication structure to ensure we have a consistent and holistic program for legal and regulatory compliance. Senior management also is involved at various levels in all these functions. We cannot assure that our legal and compliance functions will be effective to prevent all losses. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors— General Risks — If our techniques for managing risk are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses.”
For more information about our regulatory environment, refer to “Risk Factors — Legal and Regulatory Risks — As an investment management firm, we are subject to extensive regulation” and “Risk Factors — Legal and Regulatory Risks —The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to continual change and regulatory developments designed to increase oversight may materially adversely affect our business.”
