RISK FACTORS.

Risk Factors Summary
The following is a summary of risks and uncertainties that affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are providing the following summary of risk factors to enhance readability of our risk factor disclosure. Material risks that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following:
Market and Investment Performance Risks

We earn substantially all of our revenues based on AUM, and any reduction in AUM would reduce our revenues and profitability.

The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has, and will likely continue to, negatively impact the global economy.

If our strategies perform poorly, clients could redeem their assets and we could suffer a decline in our AUM, which would reduce our earnings.

The historical returns of our strategies may not be indicative of their future results or of the strategies we may develop in the future.

We may support our money market funds to maintain their stable net asset values, or other products we manage, which could affect our revenues or operating results.

The performance of our strategies or the growth of our AUM may be constrained by unavailability of appropriate investment opportunities.

 
Business Risks

The COVID-19 and other pandemics have, and will likely continue to have, a negative impact on the global economy and interrupt normal business activity.

The loss of key investment professionals or members of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We derive substantially all of our revenues from contracts and relationships that may be terminated upon short or no notice.

Investors in certain funds that we advise can redeem their assets from those funds at any time without prior notice.

Investment recommendations provided to our direct investor channel may not be suitable or fulfill regulatory requirements; representatives may not disclose or address conflicts of interest, conduct inadequate due diligence, provide inadequate disclosure; transactions may be subject to human error or fraud. 

The significant growth we have experienced over the past few years may be difficult to sustain and our growth strategy is dependent in part upon our ability to make and successfully integrate new strategic acquisitions.

Our expenses are subject to fluctuations that could materially impact our results of operations.

A significant proportion of our existing AUM is managed in long‑only investments.

Our efforts to establish and develop new teams and strategies may be unsuccessful and could negatively impact our results of operations and could negatively impact our reputation and culture.

 

An assignment could result in termination of our investment advisory agreements to manage SEC‑registered funds and could trigger consent requirements in our other investment advisory agreements.

Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our clients, including the boards of registered funds, and limitations imposed by applicable law, could result in damage awards against us and a loss of AUM, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

We provide a broad range of services to the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and sub‑advised mutual funds which may expose us to liability.

Potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets could result in not realizing the value of these assets.

If we were deemed an investment company required to register under the the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”), we would become subject to burdensome regulatory requirements and our business activities could be restricted.
Merger and Acquisition Risks

We may not realize the benefits we expect from mergers and acquisitions because of integration difficulties and other challenges.

Certain liabilities resulting from acquisitions are estimated and could lead to a material impact on earnings.

