RISK FACTORS.


Indebtedness Risks

Our substantial indebtedness may expose us to material risks.
Capital Structure and Public Company Risks

A relatively large percentage of our common stock is concentrated with a small number of shareholders, which could increase the volatility in our stock trading and affect our share price.

The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could decline.

Future sales of shares by shareholders could cause our stock price to decline.

If securities or industry analysts publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.

We are an “emerging growth company,” and any decision on our part to comply with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our Common Stock less attractive to investors.

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage our business, particularly after we are no longer an “emerging growth company.”

Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price

Our ability to pay regular dividends is subject to our Board’s discretion and Delaware law.

Future offerings of debt or equity securities may rank senior to our common stock.

Provisions in our charter documents could discourage a takeover that shareholders may consider favorable.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.


Legal and Regulatory Risks

As an investment management firm and brokerage firm, we are subject to extensive regulation.

The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to continual change and regulatory developments designed to increase oversight and may materially adversely affect our business.


Industry Risks

Recent trends in the investment management industry could reduce our AUM, revenues and net income.

The investment management industry is intensely competitive.

Third Party Risks

We depend primarily on third parties to market Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares.

We rely on third parties to provide products or services for the operation of our business, and a failure or inability by such parties to provide these products or services could materially adversely affect our business.

Operational and Cybersecurity Risks

Operational risks may disrupt our business, result in losses or limit our growth.

Failure to implement effective information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses.

Disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to our ETF platform may adversely affect the prices at which VictoryShares trade, particularly during periods of market volatility.


General Risks

Reputational harm could result in a loss of AUM and revenues.

If our techniques for managing risk are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses.

Certain of our strategies invest principally in the securities of non‑U.S. companies, which involve foreign currency exchange, tax, political, social and economic uncertainties and risks.

The expansion of our business outside of the United States raises tax and regulatory risks, may adversely affect our profit margins and places additional demands on our resources and employees.

Failure to properly address conflicts of interest could harm our reputation, business and results of operations.

Insurance may not be available on a cost-effective basis to protect us from liability.
