
Integrated Distribution, Marketing and Operations



Marketing – Our distribution efforts are supplemented by our marketing function, which is primarily responsible for enhancing the visibility and quality of our portfolio of brands. They are specifically tasked with managing corporate, Franchise and Solutions Platform branding efforts, database management, the development of marketing materials, our website, digital marketplace, digital marketing and social media efforts, and the publishing of white papers.


Operations – Our highly centralized operations functions provide our Franchises and Solutions Platform with the support they need so that they can focus on their investment processes. Our Investment Franchises share operating functions such as trading platforms, risk and compliance, middle- and back‑office support, technology, data and analytics, finance, human resources, accounting, and legal. Although our operations are highly centralized, we do allow our Franchises a degree of customization with respect to their desired investment support functions, which we believe helps them maintain their unique investment processes and minimize disruptions.
We outsource certain middle‑ and back‑office activities, such as sub-transfer agent, trade settlement, portfolio analytics, custodian reconciliation, portfolio accounting, corporate action processing, performance calculation and client reporting, to scaled, recognized service providers, who provide their services to us on a variable‑cost basis. Systems and processes are customized as necessary to support our investment processes and operations. We maintain relationships with multiple vendors for most of our outsourced functions, which we believe mitigates vendor‑specific risk. We also have cyber and information security, business continuity and data privacy programs in place to help mitigate risk.

Outsourcing these functions enables us to grow our AUM, both organically and through acquisitions, without the incremental capital expenditures and working capital that would typically be needed. Under our direction and oversight, our outsourced model enhances our ability to integrate our acquisitions, as we are experienced in working with our vendors to efficiently bring additional Franchises onto our platform in a cost‑efficient manner.
We believe both the scalability of our business and our cost structure, in which approximately two‑thirds of our operating expenses are variable, drives industry-leading margins and facilitates free cash flow conversion. Additionally, we believe having most of our expenses tied to AUM and the number of client accounts provides downside margin protection should there be sustained net outflows or adverse market conditions.
