Victory have three business channels/units: Direct Investor Business, Institutional Sales business, Retail Sales business. Details below.

Direct Investor Business – In 2020, we launched a new digital platform to directly serve investors which features a client-centric modern design. Visitors to the site are presented with channel-specific content, useful investment tools and calculators, and timely investment insights from the Company’s investment experts. At our direct investor business contact center, we have approximately 170 sales and service professionals focused on assisting our direct investors (the “Investors”). They engage with thousands of Investors everyday via phone, chat or email depending on the Investor’s preference. We also have a mobile application that streamlines service for Investors and enhances internal efficiency. Through these interactions we provide Investors with account servicing, portfolio reviews, college planning assistance and investment guidance at no additional cost to the Investor. Many of our direct investor business contact center professionals are Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) licensed, so they are well qualified to serve the Investors’ investment needs. During the early part of the second quarter of 2023, the Direct Investor Business will be expanded to include brokerage capabilities through our broker-dealer entity VCS. Investors will be able to leverage our open architecture brokerage option and establish brokerage accounts to invest in mutual funds and ETFs from our platform along with individual stocks and products managed by third-party providers including cash management capabilities.

Institutional Sales – Our institutional sales team attracts and builds relationships with institutional clients, a wide range of institutional consultants and mutual fund complexes and other organizations seeking sub‑advisers. Our institutional clientele includes more than 400 corporations, public funds, non‑profit organizations, Taft‑Hartley plans, sub‑advisory clients, international clients, sovereign wealth funds, and insurance companies. Our institutional sales and client‑service professionals manage existing client relationships, serve consultants and prospects and/or focus on specific segments. They have extensive experience and a comprehensive understanding of our investment activities. Our client‑facing institutional sales professionals have an average of more than 20 years of industry tenure, and they are supported by a separate team dedicated to handling requests for proposals, or RFPs, from prospective clients.

Retail Sales – Our retail sales team includes regional external wholesalers, retirement specialists, RIA specialists, national account specialists, all of whom are supported by an internal sales desk. We also have a team of 10 distribution professionals specializing in the sale of third-party ETF model strategies. Additionally, we have a growing team focused on RIA, Bank Trust & Multi Family Offices with exceptional product knowledge to enhance the growth in this sub-channel within our retail sales. In the retail channel, we focus on gathering assets through intermediaries, such as banks, broker‑dealers, wirehouses, retirement platforms and RIA networks. We offer mutual funds, ETFs, third-party ETF models, and separately managed wrap and unified managed accounts on intermediary and retirement platforms. We have agreements with many of the largest platforms in our retail channel, which has provided an opportunity to place our retail products on those platforms. Further, to enhance our presence on large distribution platforms, we have focused our efforts on servicing intermediary home offices and research departments. These efforts have led to strong growth in platform penetration, as measured by investment products on approved and recommended lists, as well as our inclusion in model portfolios. This penetration provides the opportunity for us to sell more products through distribution platforms. We have several products on the research recommended/model portfolios of the top U.S. intermediary platforms. We also have several products on the recommended list of the top retirement platforms.