









WestEnd Advisors











































Home
Approach
Strategies

Global Equity
Global Balanced
Global Conservative
U.S. Sector
Large-Cap Core Equity


Insights
Our Team
Contact
Strategies

Global Equity
Global Balanced
Global Conservative
U.S. Sector
Large-Cap Core Equity


 









WestEnd Advisors:A Unique Pursuit of Alpha
WestEnd Advisors, a Victory Capital Investment Franchise, is an institutional asset management firm and a registered investment advisor. Our active, high-conviction strategies are rooted in intensive macroeconomic research and deep wisdom about the forces that drive domestic and global market sectors.
 
Victory Capital Closes Acquisition of WestEnd Advisors









A disciplined focus on the macroeconomic drivers of performance







Rarely does the same sector remain in favor year after year.

Through a disciplined analysis of 200+ global and domestic indicators, we form a macroeconomic outlook on which sectors, regions, and securities are most likely to outperform. Ultimately, we make allocation decisions based on the data, regardless of short-term market sentiment. This is where wisdom grounded in data makes a difference.





Data drives high conviction
Successfully navigating market trends, risks and cycles takes wisdom and discipline. Our process employs exhaustive research and analysis to screen out noise, avoid biases, and focus on the most important information. Our approach is differentiated by methodical analysis to discern what data matters most and when – knowledge which supports high-conviction decisions.
Learn more 





Active strategies based on macroeconomic analysis and conviction


Global Strategy Global Equity
Employs active allocation across global equity markets in pursuit of long-term capital appreciation.
 
Download Fact Sheet Learn More



Global Strategy Global Balanced
Blends global equity growth potential with U.S. fixed income for stability.
 
Download Fact Sheet Learn More



Global Strategy Global Conservative
Emphasizes capital preservation through an active fixed-income allocation with growth potential from global equities.
 
Download Fact Sheet Learn More



DOMESTIC Strategy U.S. Sector
Employs high-conviction sector allocation and avoidance driven by macroeconomic analysis.
 
Download Fact Sheet Learn More



DOMESTIC Strategy Large-Cap Core Equity
Combines high-conviction sector allocation and avoidance with active stock selection.
 
Download Fact Sheet Learn More









Commentary | Q4 2022

To everything, a season
With a weakening economic backdrop, we see opportunity in less economically sensitive areas of the market and fixed income. We also stand ready to adjust our outlook and positioning when markets begin to look past the downturn.



Our unique market and macroeconomic insights Commentaries 



Highlights | Q1 2023

Deteriorating data and the aggressive Fed point to late-cycle economic conditions
Macroeconomic highlights – Q1 2023



Key trends impacting our investment decisions Macroeconomic Highlights 



Research | Q4 2020

Choosing sectors over style: seeking alpha within U.S. equities
Growth and Value style allocation is widely utilized, but, in our view, active sector allocation offers the potential for greater and more consistent excess return.



What the data reveals about emerging trends and the macroeconomic outlook Research 






Investment Management
Sales & Client Service
Compliance & Operations


Our team Our greatest resource is our people and the focused wisdom and deep experience they bring to their work. Since 2004, we have grown to 28 employees.


Investment Management
Sales & Client Service
Compliance & Operations








Connect with us
To learn more about how our proprietary sector-based approach can help you in meeting your investment objectives, please call us at 888.500.9025, or email us at info@westendadvisors.com.






On December 31, 2021 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (“Victory Capital”) acquired WestEnd Advisors, LLC (“WestEnd”). WestEnd, an SEC-registered investment adviser, operates as an autonomous Victory Capital Investment Franchise. WestEnd’s active principals continue to be responsible for managing the firm and its day-to-day operations.












Customer Relationship Summary
Proxy Voting
Privacy Policy
Form ADV
Disclaimer
 
1001 Morehead Square Drive, Suite 600 | Charlotte, North Carolina 28203



© Copyright 2023, WestEnd Advisors


















