

Introduction to Corporate Social Responsibility
Victory Capital began the year with a familiar challenge: a changing pandemic that complicated our employees' safe return to the office. Still our employees' underlying energy and determination to deliver for our clients and shareholders never wavered.
Our people are a driving force behind many of the accomplishments detailed in this report, and they will help tell the story of our 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and Responsible Investing (RI) accomplishments.

A letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:

To our many stakeholders,
I am pleased to share our 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Report, which underscores the tangible actions we are taking to integrate Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) principles into our business, while continually evolving how we meet the changing needs of our stakeholders.
Our previously announced (April 2021) strategic alliance with Xavier University of Louisiana (XULA) that provides gap (not full) scholarships and funds to launch the school′s first student-managed investment fund is one example of the work we are doing. By exposing more students of color to the asset management industry, we endeavor to increase the number of diverse candidates entering the field.
In addition, I have joined the XULA President′s Advisory Board and have been enjoying learning more about the University and how we can have a meaningful impact on students′ lives. Going forward, we aim to deepen the relationship by providing opportunities for our employees to mentor XULA students and by potentially offering internship and entry-level employment opportunities.
We′re also proud of the work that our employees are doing in our communities, including support of American Red Cross Disaster Relief during the February 2021 winter storms and the devastation that Hurricane Ida brought to the Gulf Coast in August. Our employee resource groups also led firm-wide efforts to support organizations such as Dress for Success, Toys for Tots, and others.

Integrating Responsible Investing (RI) principles into our investment processes remains an important priority. Our progress last year included creating a Responsible Investing Oversight Council as well as launching three ETFs that integrate ESG criteria into their investment processes. In addition, we completed the acquisition of THB Asset Management (THB), which for more than 25 years has incorporated ESG principles into its research process. We also acquired an alternative asset management firm focused on investments in clean energy infrastructure projects and companies. Lastly, we implemented new sustainable proxy voting policies, related research, and a coordination platform for the 2021 proxy season.
From a Corporate Governance perspective, we made a significant move to equally empower individual shareholders by eliminating the company′s dual- class share structure and ensuring a one share, one vote structure.
We hope you enjoy our 2021 report and invite you to reach out to us to learn more.

David C. Brown
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer




